# Bellybutton Bacteria Biodiversity with Plotly
## Overview
Roza is a biological researcher in a microbiology laboratory whose role is to discover and document unknown bacteria. She is interested in bacterial species that have the ability to synthesize protiens that taste like beef. Her lab has announced a partnership with Improbable Beef (a food startup) to research candidate bacterial species. Labs throughout the country have successfully synthesized meat from algae, fungi, and microorganisms on plant roots. Improbable Beef is searching for the bacteria that will provide the perfect taste. Roza hypothesized that there is a microorganism that can supply the best taste, and it can be found on the human body. Bacteria in the human body are quite diverse based on their locations and functions. She believes the ideal bacteria for synthetic beef can be found in someone's belly button. 

She sampled navels of people across the country to identify bacterial species that colonize belly buttons. Each person's identity is anonymous and has been assigned an ID number. We helped Roza build a dashboard that both her research participants and fellow researchers can access. We designed a website using HTML that enables visitors to select their ID numbers and see which bacterial species live in their navels.

Roza would like to update the website with visual bacterial data for each volunteer. She would appreciate if we can design it for her volunteers to easily identify the to 10 bacterial species that reside in their belly buttons. This will be helpful in the circumstance that Improbable Beef identifies a candidate species to manufacture synthetic beef, Roza's volunteers will be able to know whether that species was found in their bellybutton. 
